:checkered_flag: picoCTF{substitution_ciphers_are_solvable_bwpaweafci}

## Solve
Here's another simple cipher for you where we made a bunch of substitutions. Can you decrypt it? Connect with `nc 2018shell.picoctf.com 43324`.

## Solution
```
root@kali:~# nc 2018shell.picoctf.com 43324
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
upfvzyhq gszs eq rpoz layv - qowqhehohepf_uetgszq_yzs_qpaiywas_wxtyxsylue
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ef y ieaayvs pl ay kyfugy, hgs fyks pl xgeug e gyis fp jsqezs hp uyaa hp
kefj, hgszs aeisj fph apfv qefus pfs pl hgpqs vsfhasksf hgyh bsst y ayfus
ef hgs ayfus-zyub, yf paj woubasz, y asyf gyub, yfj y vzsrgpofj lpz
upozqefv. yf paay pl zyhgsz kpzs wssl hgyf kohhpf, y qyayj pf kpqh
fevghq, quzytq pf qyhozjyrq, asfheaq pf lzejyrq, yfj y tevspf pz qp schzy
pf qofjyrq, kyjs yxyr xehg hgzss-moyzhszq pl geq efupks. hgs zsqh pl eh
xsfh ef y jpowash pl lefs uaphg yfj isaish wzssugsq yfj qgpsq hp kyhug
lpz gpaejyrq, xgeas pf xssb-jyrq gs kyjs y wzyis levozs ef geq wsqh
gpksqtof. gs gyj ef geq gpoqs y gpoqsbsstsz tyqh lpzhr, y fesus ofjsz
hxsfhr, yfj y ayj lpz hgs lesaj yfj kyzbsh-tayus, xgp oqsj hp qyjjas hgs
gyub yq xsaa yq gyfjas hgs weaa-gppb. hgs yvs pl hgeq vsfhaskyf pl pozq
xyq wpzjszefv pf lelhr; gs xyq pl y gyzjr gyweh, qtyzs, vyofh-lsyhozsj, y
iszr syzar zeqsz yfj y vzsyh qtpzhqkyf. hgsr xeaa gyis eh geq qozfyks xyq
moecyjy pz mosqyjy (lpz gszs hgszs eq qpks jellszsfus pl ptefepf ykpfv
hgs yohgpzq xgp xzehs pf hgs qowdsuh), yahgpovg lzpk zsyqpfywas
upfdsuhozsq eh qsskq tayef hgyh gs xyq uyaasj moscyfy. hgeq, gpxsisz, eq
pl woh aehhas ektpzhyfus hp poz hyas; eh xeaa ws sfpovg fph hp qhzyr y
gyez'q wzsyjhg lzpk hgs hzohg ef hgs hsaaefv pl eh.

rpo koqh bfpx, hgsf, hgyh hgs ywpis-fyksj vsfhaskyf xgsfsisz gs xyq yh
aseqozs (xgeug xyq kpqhar yaa hgs rsyz zpofj) vyis gekqsal ot hp zsyjefv
wppbq pl ugeiyazr xehg qoug yzjpoz yfj yiejehr hgyh gs yakpqh sfhezsar
fsvasuhsj hgs tozqoeh pl geq lesaj-qtpzhq, yfj sisf hgs kyfyvsksfh pl geq
tzptszhr; yfj hp qoug y tehug jej geq syvszfsqq yfj eflyhoyhepf vp hgyh
gs qpaj kyfr yf yuzs pl heaayvsayfj hp wor wppbq pl ugeiyazr hp zsyj, yfj
wzpovgh gpks yq kyfr pl hgsk yq gs upoaj vsh. woh pl yaa hgszs xszs fpfs
gs aebsj qp xsaa yq hgpqs pl hgs lykpoq lsaeueyfp js qeaiy'q upktpqehepf,
lpz hgsez aouejehr pl qhras yfj upktaeuyhsj upfusehq xszs yq tsyzaq ef
geq qevgh, tyzheuoayzar xgsf ef geq zsyjefv gs uyks otpf upozhqgetq yfj
uyzhsaq, xgszs gs plhsf lpofj tyqqyvsq aebs "hgs zsyqpf pl hgs ofzsyqpf
xehg xgeug kr zsyqpf eq yllaeuhsj qp xsybsfq kr zsyqpf hgyh xehg zsyqpf e
kozkoz yh rpoz wsyohr;" pz yvyef, "hgs gevg gsyisfq, hgyh pl rpoz
jeiefehr jeiefsar lpzhelr rpo xehg hgs qhyzq, zsfjsz rpo jsqsziefv pl hgs
jsqszh rpoz vzsyhfsqq jsqszisq." pisz upfusehq pl hgeq qpzh hgs tppz
vsfhaskyf apqh geq xehq, yfj oqsj hp aes yxybs qhzeiefv hp ofjszqhyfj
hgsk yfj xpzk hgs ksyfefv poh pl hgsk; xgyh yzeqhphas gekqsal upoaj fph
gyis kyjs poh pz schzyuhsj gyj gs upks hp aels yvyef lpz hgyh qtsueya
toztpqs. gs xyq fph yh yaa syqr ywpoh hgs xpofjq xgeug jpf wsaeyfeq vyis
yfj hppb, wsuyoqs eh qssksj hp gek hgyh, vzsyh yq xszs hgs qozvspfq xgp
gyj uozsj gek, gs koqh gyis gyj geq lyus yfj wpjr upiszsj yaa pisz xehg
qsykq yfj quyzq. gs upkksfjsj, gpxsisz, hgs yohgpz'q xyr pl sfjefv geq
wppb xehg hgs tzpkeqs pl hgyh efhszkefywas yjisfhozs, yfj kyfr y heks xyq
gs hskthsj hp hybs ot geq tsf yfj lefeqg eh tzptszar yq eq hgszs
tzptpqsj, xgeug fp jpowh gs xpoaj gyis jpfs, yfj kyjs y qouusqqloa tesus
pl xpzb pl eh hpp, gyj fph vzsyhsz yfj kpzs ywqpzwefv hgpovghq tzsisfhsj
gek.
```

[https://www.guballa.de/substitution-solver](https://www.guballa.de/substitution-solver)
![1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shoulderhu/wordpress/master/picoCTF/2018/Cryptography/hertz/hertz-1.png)
